README.md, before:

# CoffeeHouse

[Deployed site](https://bics.github.io/MineSweeper/)

# Table of contents    

1. [UX](#ux)
2. [Features](#features)
    1. [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    2. [Future Features Consideration](#future-features-consideration)
3. [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
4. [Testing](#testing)
    1. [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    2. [Automated Testing](#automated-testing)
5. [Deployment](#deployment)
6. [Credits](#credits)
7. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

# UX

### User stories
* First Time Visitor Goals

* Returning Visitor Goals

* Frequent User Goals

### Design

Colour Scheme

Main colours used on the website\
![Color palette]()

Typography

### Wireframes
<details>
<summary>Mobile</summary>

![Mobile wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Mobile.png)

</details>
<details>
<summary>Tablet</summary>

![Tablet wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Tablet.png)

</details>
<details>
<summary>Desktop</summary>

![Desktop wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Desktop.png)

</details>

# Features

## Existing features

## Future features consideration

# Technologies used

* Used [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com) to create wireframes.
* Used [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) as IDE.
* Used [Github](https://github.com) to store and deploy the repository.
* Used [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com) for version control.
* Used [Opera](https://www.opera.com), [Mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/en-GB/) and [Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/chrome/) browsers and their respective developer tools for testing.

# Testing

## Manual testing

## Automated testing

### HTML validation

### CSS validation 

### JS validation

# Deployment

### Github pages

### Forking a repository

### Download local repository

### Clone a repository with Sourcetree

# Credits
    * Gitignore generated via [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com)
    * Index.html template was copied and modified from previous [Best Barber project](https://github.com/bics/BestBarber)
    * Used [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com) as css.

### Code

### Content

### Media

coffee_grounds : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/close-up-view-dark-fresh-roasted-coffee-beans-coffee-beans-background_10427093.htm#fromView=search&page=1&position=39&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_mug_cartoony : https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/coffee-love-foam-with-beans-cartoon-icon-illustration_12006499.htm#fromView=search&page=1&position=48&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_drank : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/overhead-vertical-shot-person-s-hand-near-latte-art-coffee-wooden-surface_7901191.htm#fromView=search&page=2&position=2&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_interior : generated by ChatGPT

coffee_mug_tilted : https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/coffee-cup-cartoon-vector-icon-illustration-food-drink-icon-isolated-flat-vector_394067450.htm#fromView=search&page=4&position=29&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_separated : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/coffee-beans-top-view-white-background-space-text_8060692.htm#fromView=search&page=2&position=39&uuid=c749efba-f08b-4b9c-ad49-001cd20ad639&query=coffee

coffee_separated_nobg : modified in Canva

# Acknowledgements

Commit message:

CH-Adding modal to create new tables

README.md, after:

# CoffeeHouse

[Deployed site](https://bics.github.io/MineSweeper/)

# Table of contents    

1. [UX](#ux)
2. [Features](#features)
    1. [Existing Features](#existing-features)
    2. [Future Features Consideration](#future-features-consideration)
3. [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
4. [Testing](#testing)
    1. [Manual Testing](#manual-testing)
    2. [Automated Testing](#automated-testing)
5. [Deployment](#deployment)
6. [Credits](#credits)
7. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

# UX

### User stories
* First Time Visitor Goals

* Returning Visitor Goals

* Frequent User Goals

### Design

Colour Scheme

Main colours used on the website\
![Color palette]()

Typography

### Wireframes
<details>
<summary>Mobile</summary>

![Mobile wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Mobile.png)

</details>
<details>
<summary>Tablet</summary>

![Tablet wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Tablet.png)

</details>
<details>
<summary>Desktop</summary>

![Desktop wireframe](/assets/images/Wireframe_Desktop.png)

</details>

# Features

## Existing features

## Future features consideration

# Technologies used

* Used [Balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com) to create wireframes.
* Used [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) as IDE.
* Used [Github](https://github.com) to store and deploy the repository.
* Used [Sourcetree](https://www.sourcetreeapp.com) for version control.
* Used [Opera](https://www.opera.com), [Mozilla](https://www.mozilla.org/en-GB/) and [Chrome](https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/chrome/) browsers and their respective developer tools for testing.

# Testing

## Manual testing

## Automated testing

### HTML validation

### CSS validation 

### JS validation

# Deployment

### Github pages

### Forking a repository

### Download local repository

### Clone a repository with Sourcetree

# Credits
    * Gitignore generated via [ChatGPT](https://chatgpt.com)
    * Index.html template was copied and modified from previous [Best Barber project](https://github.com/bics/BestBarber)
    * Used [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com) as css.

### Code

    * Modal snippet taken and modified from official Bootsrap documentation https://getbootstrap.com/docs/5.0/components/modal/-->

### Content

### Media

coffee_grounds : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/close-up-view-dark-fresh-roasted-coffee-beans-coffee-beans-background_10427093.htm#fromView=search&page=1&position=39&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_mug_cartoony : https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/coffee-love-foam-with-beans-cartoon-icon-illustration_12006499.htm#fromView=search&page=1&position=48&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_drank : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/overhead-vertical-shot-person-s-hand-near-latte-art-coffee-wooden-surface_7901191.htm#fromView=search&page=2&position=2&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_interior : generated by ChatGPT

coffee_mug_tilted : https://www.freepik.com/free-vector/coffee-cup-cartoon-vector-icon-illustration-food-drink-icon-isolated-flat-vector_394067450.htm#fromView=search&page=4&position=29&uuid=dd3094e1-c073-4c34-a288-5332a4380af5&query=coffee

coffee_separated : https://www.freepik.com/free-photo/coffee-beans-top-view-white-background-space-text_8060692.htm#fromView=search&page=2&position=39&uuid=c749efba-f08b-4b9c-ad49-001cd20ad639&query=coffee

coffee_separated_nobg : modified in Canva

# Acknowledgements
